Input sentence: not the hacking and gagging and spitting part please
Decoded sentence: okay then how bout we try out some french saturday night .
Input sentence: no no its my fault we didnt have a proper introduction
Decoded sentence: cameron .
Input sentence: the thing is cameron im at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser my sister i cant date until she does
Decoded sentence: seems like she a how how you know it .
Input sentence: why
Decoded sentence: come here honey .
Input sentence: gosh if only we could find kat a boyfriend
Decoded sentence: let me see what i can do .
Input sentence: cesc ma tete this is my head
Decoded sentence: right see youre ready for the .
Input sentence: how is our little find the wench a date plan progressing
Decoded sentence: well theres someone i think might be .
Input sentence: there
Decoded sentence: whats not .
Input sentence: you got something on your mind
Decoded sentence: i on you to help my cause you and that are obviously arent we ever going on .
Input sentence: you have my word as a gentleman
Decoded sentence: youre sweet .
Input sentence: how do you get your hair to look like that
Decoded sentence: deep every two days and i never ever use a without the .
Input sentence: sure have
Decoded sentence: i really really really wanna go but i cant not unless my sister goes .
Input sentence: so thats the kind of guy she likes pretty ones
Decoded sentence: who knows all ive ever heard her say is that shed before dating a guy that smokes .
Input sentence: hi
Decoded sentence: looks like things worked out tonight huh .
Input sentence: have fun tonight
Decoded sentence: .
Input sentence: i looked for you back at the party but you always seemed to be occupied
Decoded sentence: i was .
Input sentence: well no
Decoded sentence: then thats all you had to say .
Input sentence: me this endless blonde babble im like boring myself
Decoded sentence: thank god if i had to hear one more story about your .
Input sentence: the real you
Decoded sentence: like my fear of wearing .
Input sentence: im kidding you know how sometimes you just become this persona and you dont know how to quit
Decoded sentence: no .
Input sentence: wow
Decoded sentence: lets go .
Input sentence: she okay
Decoded sentence: i hope so .
Input sentence: they do to
Decoded sentence: they do not .
Input sentence: did you change your hair
Decoded sentence: no .
Input sentence: where did he go he was just here
Decoded sentence: who .
Input sentence: great
Decoded sentence: would you mind getting me a drink cameron .
Input sentence: he practically proposed when he found out we had the same dermatologist i mean dr is great an all but hes not exactly relevant party conversation
Decoded sentence: is he or dry .
Input sentence: bianca i dont think the highlights of dating joey dorsey are going to include and
Decoded sentence: sometimes i wonder if the guys were supposed to want to go out with are the ones we actually want .
Input sentence: i have to be home in twenty minutes
Decoded sentence: i dont have to be home til two .
Input sentence: so yeah ive got the sears catalog thing going and the tube sock gig thats gonna be huge and then im up for an ad for queen harry next week
Decoded sentence: queen harry .
Input sentence: neat
Decoded sentence: you believe me .
Input sentence: listen i want to talk to you about the prom
Decoded sentence: you know the deal i can t go if doesnt go .
Input sentence: i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you dont get out of my way
Decoded sentence: can you at least start wearing a .
Input sentence: oh my god does this mean youre becoming normal
Decoded sentence: it means that is playing at club and were going .
Input sentence: oh i thought you might have a date i dont know why im bothering to ask but are you going to bogey party saturday night
Decoded sentence: what do you think .
Input sentence: youre ruining my life because you wont be normal i cant be normal
Decoded sentence: whats normal .
Input sentence: cant you forget for just one night that youre completely wretched
Decoded sentence: at least im not a .
Input sentence: you are so completely unbalanced
Decoded sentence: can we go now .
Input sentence: bianca i need to talk to you i need to tell you
Decoded sentence: i really dont think i need any social from you right now .
Input sentence: i dont get you you act like youre too good for any of this and then you go totally when you get here
Decoded sentence: youre welcome .
Input sentence: i do care but im a firm believer in doing something for your own reasons not someone else s
Decoded sentence: i wish i had that luxury im the only that got asked to the prom and i cant go .
Input sentence: joey never told you we went out did he
Decoded sentence: what .
Input sentence: in 9th for a month
Decoded sentence: why .
Input sentence: he was like a total babe
Decoded sentence: but you hate joey .
Input sentence: now i do back then was a different story
Decoded sentence: as in .
Input sentence: he said everyone was doing it so i did it
Decoded sentence: you did what .
Input sentence: why didnt you tell me
Decoded sentence: i wanted to let you make up your own mind about him .
Input sentence: thats not
Decoded sentence: im not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes .
Input sentence: i guess i thought i was protecting you
Decoded sentence: god youre just like him just keep me locked away in the dark so i cant experience of our .
Input sentence: you looked beautiful last night you know
Decoded sentence: so did you .
